docs(mqtt): description on how to set qos on subscriptions (#2768)
nestjs/docs.nestjs.com: content/microservices/mqtt.md

}
```

#### Quality of Service (QoS)

> Any subscription created with the `@MessagePattern` decorator will subscribe with QoS 0. If a higher QoS is required, it can be set globally using the `subscribeOptions` block when establishing the connection as follows:

Reviewer: What about the `@EventPattern` handlers?

> Any subscription created with the `@MessagePattern` decorator will subscribe with QoS 0. If a higher QoS is required, it can be set globally using the `subscribeOptions` block when establishing the connection as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any subscription created with `@MessagePattern` or `@EventPattern` decorators will subscribe with QoS 0. If a higher QoS is required, it can be set globally using the `subscribeOptions` block when establishing the connection as follows:
```
